README.md, before:

## Amazon Augmented AI Sample Notebooks

This repository contains sample Jupyter notebooks for [Amazon Augmented AI (A2I)](https://aws.amazon.com/augmented-ai/).

Amazon Augmented AI (Amazon A2I) makes it easy to build the workflows required for human review of ML predictions. Amazon A2I brings human review to all developers, removing the undifferentiated heavy lifting associated with building human review systems or managing large numbers of human reviewers.

Check out our more than 70 prebuilt UIs, here: https://github.com/aws-samples/amazon-a2i-sample-task-uis

## Available Notebooks

[Amazon Augmented AI (A2I) and Amazon Translate](https://github.com/aws-samples/amazon-a2i-sample-jupyter-notebooks/blob/master/Amazon%20Augmented%20AI%20(A2I)%20and%20Amazon%20Translate.ipynb)

[Amazon Augmented AI (A2I) and Amazon Comprehend DetectSentiment](https://github.com/aws-samples/amazon-a2i-sample-jupyter-notebooks/blob/master/Amazon%20Augmented%20AI%20(A2I)%20and%20Comprehend%20DetectSentiment.ipynb)

[Amazon Augmented AI (A2I) and Amazon Rekognition DetectModerationLabels](https://github.com/aws-samples/amazon-a2i-sample-jupyter-notebooks/blob/master/Amazon%20Augmented%20AI%20(A2I)%20and%20Rekognition%20DetectModerationLabels.ipynb)

[Amazon Augmented AI (A2I) and Amazon SageMaker Endpoint](https://github.com/aws-samples/amazon-a2i-sample-jupyter-notebooks/blob/master/Amazon%20Augmented%20AI%20(A2I)%20and%20SageMaker%20Endpoint.ipynb)

[Amazon Augmented AI (A2I) and Amazon Textract AnalyzeDocument](https://github.com/aws-samples/amazon-a2i-sample-jupyter-notebooks/blob/master/Amazon%20Augmented%20AI%20(A2I)%20and%20Textract%20AnalyzeDocument.ipynb)

[Amazon Augmented AI (A2I) Integration with tabular data](https://github.com/aws-samples/amazon-a2i-sample-jupyter-notebooks/blob/master/Amazon%20Augmented%20AI%20(Amazon%20A2I)%20Integration%20with%20tabular%20data.ipynb)

## License Summary

This sample code is made available under the MIT-0 license. See the LICENSE file.

Commit message:

Update README to reflect renamed A2I + SageMaker object detection and model retraining notebook

README.md, after:

## Amazon Augmented AI Sample Notebooks

This repository contains sample Jupyter notebooks for [Amazon Augmented AI (A2I)](https://aws.amazon.com/augmented-ai/).

Amazon Augmented AI (Amazon A2I) makes it easy to build the workflows required for human review of ML predictions. Amazon A2I brings human review to all developers, removing the undifferentiated heavy lifting associated with building human review systems or managing large numbers of human reviewers.

Check out our more than 70 prebuilt UIs, here: https://github.com/aws-samples/amazon-a2i-sample-task-uis

## Available Notebooks

[Amazon Augmented AI (A2I) and Amazon Translate](https://github.com/aws-samples/amazon-a2i-sample-jupyter-notebooks/blob/master/Amazon%20Augmented%20AI%20(A2I)%20and%20Amazon%20Translate.ipynb)

[Amazon Augmented AI (A2I) and Amazon Comprehend DetectSentiment](https://github.com/aws-samples/amazon-a2i-sample-jupyter-notebooks/blob/master/Amazon%20Augmented%20AI%20(A2I)%20and%20Comprehend%20DetectSentiment.ipynb)

[Amazon Augmented AI (A2I) and Amazon Rekognition DetectModerationLabels](https://github.com/aws-samples/amazon-a2i-sample-jupyter-notebooks/blob/master/Amazon%20Augmented%20AI%20(A2I)%20and%20Rekognition%20DetectModerationLabels.ipynb)

[Amazon A2I with Amazon SageMaker for object detection and model retraining](https://github.com/aws-samples/amazon-a2i-sample-jupyter-notebooks/blob/master/Amazon%20A2I%20with%20Amazon%20SageMaker%20for%20object%20detection%20and%20model%20retraining.ipynb)

[Amazon Augmented AI (A2I) and Amazon Textract AnalyzeDocument](https://github.com/aws-samples/amazon-a2i-sample-jupyter-notebooks/blob/master/Amazon%20Augmented%20AI%20(A2I)%20and%20Textract%20AnalyzeDocument.ipynb)

[Amazon Augmented AI (A2I) Integration with tabular data](https://github.com/aws-samples/amazon-a2i-sample-jupyter-notebooks/blob/master/Amazon%20Augmented%20AI%20(Amazon%20A2I)%20Integration%20with%20tabular%20data.ipynb)

## License Summary

This sample code is made available under the MIT-0 license. See the LICENSE file.
